hello I'm Jimmy I am the host of this
house thank you for braving the curfew
to be here although we didn't have a
curfew in LA tonight for the first time
this week we did have an earthquake last
night they had a little shaker of 5.5
and on top of everything else there's an
asteroid headed our way on Saturday
night an asteroid that is said to be the
size of the Empire State Building will
pass close by Earth who knows maybe
we'll get lucky and it'll hit us as of
today in Las Vegas
several hotel casinos are open for
business with safety measures in place
this is MGM they've got hand-washing
stations they've got glass partitions at
the craps tables and the blackjack
tables playing blackjack now is now like
visiting a relative in prison how do you
let the dealer know you want another car
do you tap on the glass you can see look
they have hand sanitizing stations and
even the go-go dancers are wearing
plastic face shields like Blade Runner
we're living in how this is safe I don't
know go into a casino during the
pandemic is that gray area between
regular roulette and the Russian kind a
day after charges were filed against all
four officers involved in the death of
George Floyd the mood is a bit brighter
in the country protests are continuing
nationwide but it seems that some common
ground is being reached in Lincoln
Nebraska police and protesters even had
an impromptu dance party
[Music]
is that a protester Tom Selleck's
wedding reception I don't know we sure
those were real cops and not strippers
I've been fooled before that was the
scene in Lincoln in Washington where law
enforcement has taken a much more
forceful approach including tear gassing
peaceful protesters things are not as
amicable authorities there are busy
erecting another fence that will go
around the existing White House fence
which will make two fences which I think
was a spin dr. song so it looks like
Trump is finally getting his wall built
after all how long before we find out
Don Jr invested in a fence company
yesterday Trump's former Secretary of
Defense four-star general James mad dog
mattis gave the president one-star yelp
review
he lambasted his former boss saying we
are witnessing the consequences of three
years without mature leadership and that
he said Trump is a threat to the
Constitution of the United States the
president of course fired right back he
tweeted probably the only thing Barack
Obama and I have in common is that we
both had the honor of firing Jim mattis
the world's most overrated general did
he call Meryl Streep overrated - I asked
for his letter of resignation and felt
great about it his nickname was chaos
which I didn't like and change - Mad Dog
which not not only is that not true
he had the nickname Mad Dog for years
it's what a strange thing to lie about
it's so easily disproved remember the
movie Romy and Michele's high school
reunion where they lie and say they
invented post-it notes it's like that
but from the president and this is
interesting someone came up with a very
clever way to debunk the president's
claim that his free speech is being
targeted for censorship on Twitter a guy
started posting the president's tweets
last week verbatim from his own account
he just cut and pasted what the
president tweeted and guess what
happened he got suspended for violating
Twitter's rules against glorifying
violence or maybe twitter has a way of
determining who is and isn't a threat
based on how tiny the person who tweeted
thumbs are I don't know meanwhile
chat has now announced that they will no
longer promote the president's account
because they believe his comments could
incite violence raise your hand if
you're just learning now that the
president is on snapchat I didn't know
either but since the president refuses
to filter himself snapchat is also now
adding a filter for him I've seen you
and the first lady interact she's such
an important part of your life
how much do you rely on her to get
feedback on messaging and decisions that
you know so she's treated unfairly but
the people love her the people love her
when I make a speech they have signs we
live our first blow you say hundreds of
sons we love our first lady if sometimes
pictures of high heels drive it's
beautiful
I knew he wore diapers so Twitter and
snapchat have now taken action to temper
the president's lies meanwhile Mark
Zuckerberg is somewhere up at a
penthouse masturbating to the balance on
his checking account that moment you
just saw with Donnie booboo was from a
22 minute interview yesterday for
something called Newsmax TV it was a
favor to Trump's second favorite Shawn
former press secretary Sean Spicer Don
and Shawn covered the whole spectrum of
hard-hitting subjects from why Trump is
awesome - why he's great and they had a
chat about his ill-advised walk to the
church on Monday we walk from the White
House and I think everything was handled
very well I will tell you religious
leaders loved it religious leaders
thought it was great they loved it I
even got a thank-you note from God he
loved it - listen people weren't yelling
Jesus Christ because they loved it spice
are also lobbed from PAC uestion about
his faith and listen very carefully to
how he doesn't answer this one since
you've been president have you grown in
your faith
do you pray do you play often you've
talked a lot about religion this week
what does it mean to you so I think
maybe I have from the standpoint that I
see so much that I can do I've done so
much for religion so the answer is no
he's done so much for religion you know
technically Satan has done a lot for
religion - this is some interview by the
way watch the whole thing maybe my
favorite part after all that's gone on
in Minneapolis this week it seems the
president still doesn't know how to
pronounce it look
I stopped it in Minnesota Minneapolis
Minnie Annapolis and maybe that was just
a slip of the tongue maybe that was just
the hydroxy kickin in I'm sure he got it
right the next time the mayor of
Minneapolis was it was disgraceful when
I watch that many Annapolis it's a tiny
Naval Base in Maryland and as if that
wasn't enough it was the return of the
president's favorite vampire bat Rudy
Giuliani was on good morning Britain
with Piers Morgan piers used to be the
president's pal but I guess that doesn't
suit him anymore so now he's a critic
and Rudy G doesn't like that at all you
know what this Brady I'm sorry you sound
completely barking mad do you know that
no I know
you mess the plot and it's sad to see
you you you you know the one who got the
television here
yes had ratings are about two yeah so
don't tell me I've lost anything
you keep getting ready I know what
happened to your show Pierce yeah and I
remember the mistakes you made oh yeah
well I remember I know who you are
welcome back Rudy we missed you I hope
the rabies shots don't hurt as much as I
hear they do so that's what the former
mayor of New York is up to the current
mayor's get hammered from all sides
right now including his own staff at a
press conference yesterday with this
city in the middle of protests and
unrest he wanted to remind everyone of
the song imagine by John Lennon which is
lame for sure but somehow this morning
on Fox and Friends weatherman Brian
Kilmeade somehow managed out lame it he
wants you to come imagine by John Lennon
he wants us to imagine John Lennon
wouldn't be safe in the city right now
he behind his apartment yeah nobody tell
Brian what happened to John Lennon when
he came out of his apartment
let him google it himself the school
year is mercifully coming to an end but
a lot of parents are still homeschooling
and experiencing senioritis for the
second time in their lives but fear not
because help is here and an adorable
little package it's time for a homework
corner with Guillermo
hi welcome to homework or away Guillermo
today question is nose is too big as arm
is too you know guys i io to overeat and
I think it's outside I'll be right back
[Music]
and we never saw him again